1. I don't know where does it saves the scanned documents, neither it give chances to rename the file 
2. cast doesn't work 
3. app analyzer doesn't work properly 
4. Insert the FTP server inside LAN section
5. problem with the changing of theme 
6. While seeing pictures in GRID view it has red marks as bottom overflowed by 2
7. terminal is not working 
8. In cloud storage add opendrive too 
9. Add photo editing options too with some basic tools 
10. Open QR code didn't worked 
11. PDF and other conversions where ??
1. Transfer BT to LAN section 
2. While scanning and notepad it should open or save the place or where I opened it 
3. and it showed only 50 apps but there is more than that 
4. and fix other issues 
it closed when I turned bluetooth and paired
2. text pdf docx md etc files should be shown as preview as same as images 
3. why it's only 50 apps ?? there is more though 
4. I don't know where does text file saves so like the scanned documents add path and rename option where to save text file 
5. there should be a bit gap between date modified and Size column 
6. Make the folder graph more interactive movable 
7. terminal isn't working need a fix 
8. In settings source code button isn't working 
9. archieve extraction didn't worked properly 
10. remove showing QR code option while holding a folder for long it doesn't work either 
11. while going to touch for long and sharing via LAN it doesn't show bottom bar 
13. make sure root mode works only on rooted phone 
14. make the video be see on the tab as image preview 
15. and while sliding that bar it opens images/video/texts/pdf/docx/md in full screen 
1. Document conversion button for touching long is gone, it
  should be there, means for pdf it's not their but for txt it
  works so fix the issue
  2. terminal isn't working at all
  3. in recent the preview tab is small compared to other
  sections when preview opens
  4. permission denied problem even though all access was given
  5. edit image is very slow or broken and it does stop the app
  too
  6. show QR code button doesn't work
  7. When I opened PDF it looked like music player but for any
  document like DOCX pdf readme html it should be open in
  preview section and add a button in preview to cover full
  screen or half screen
  8. In app analyzer can u add uninstall stop process type
  options
  9. make sure bluetooth sharing works
  10. make sure terminal can install packages
  
  
